Long long time ago, there is a magical town located in the Placious World. This town teaches people how to become a better person and 
serve the land they are living in. There are all kinds of weird things happening in this little town. Every year, many people come here for 
greate power and many people leave here for even greater power. People call this place: "Madison". There is an amazing class called CS400 and 
four guys enrolled in this class and become teammates. Their journey starts here...

The balance of the world is contructed by two opposite things. In other word, 
there is another town named Madison too which have the exactly different situation.
People in the other "Madison" don't have power and they don't need to take CS400.
However, they are extremely unhappy with their current life: they want to go to 
our Madison. One day, people from the other Madison come to this Madison, and the
balance of the world has been corrupted.  

First, a strange thing happened: one of the guys enrolled in CS400 mysteriously disappeared. All we know
is that his name is Seen, but he was never seen again. Since the balance of Madison is corrupted, boys
became girls, and turtles turned into T-rex. The scariest of all such transformations is that the tree 
of life - The Holy AVL Tree - became unbalanced! One of its child nodes now has a balance factor of
16. Madisonians scrambled to try to restore balance, but they're not fast enough. Everything they do now
takes O(N) time. And, as such, Madison, along with Placious World, has been garbage collected. 

To fix the order of the world, the student first decide to create a powerful weapon that kick everyone out 
of the town--COVID-19. This is a kind of secret weapon that the UW_Madison students developed to save the 
town if it is out of order. By launching the COVID-19, the weird creatures in this town are exiled. Then the 
smartest students start to fix the mass by using - The Holy RedBlack Tree-. This tree will change the color
of its children. The girls turn back to boys and the T-rex turns back to turtles. The world is also ordered
by the Holy RBT and every thing people do in this town only takes O(logN). Madsion restores its peace by worship
a more powerfull tree. The next time the world is messed up, the Madison students will stand out and fix the
world by inventing a new tree.
